(Yuma)
Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal".
Hey
Kite!
I've been waitin' a long
time to take you on again.
Now we'll finally see
who the better duelist is!
Bring it
on, Yuma!
Let 'em
have it Utopia!
Attack with
Rising Sun Slash!
♪
Yes!
Did you
guys see that?
Give it up
for this guy!
(Kite)
He really is
quite remarkable.
No matter how many times
he's knocked to the floor
he always jumps
right up again
and gets back
to dueling.
I, on the other hand,
am nothing like Yuma.
I give up,
you win.
Now that
Hart is okay,
I don't need to
collect Number Cards.
I forfeit.
Dueling lacks
purpose for me.
Listen Kite,
you are wrong.
You see, dueling
does have a purpose.
Though you
cannot see it.
The more you
duel with someone,
the deeper your
bonds grow together.
Friendships carry
you into the future.
Please
understand, Kite.
You do not need
to live in the past.
Live instead
for the future.
I've never had
many friends.
But it sounds like
dueling opens up a world
of possibilities and I'd
be a fool to ignore that.
You ready
to get beat?
You'll regret
those words.
See...
You winning is
not in the cards!
♪
♪ If life
is a game ♪
♪ They say
I can't win ♪
♪ I'll never
amount to nothin' ♪
♪ Tear me down
before my life begins ♪
♪ I won't
be afraid ♪
♪ To challenge myself ♪
♪ They won't ever
break my fire ♪
♪ My dreams
won't die ♪
♪ If I
high-five the sky ♪
♪ Spread
my wings ♪
♪ Take off,
it's time to fly ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a
chance believe ♪
♪ Nothing will
bring me down ♪
♪ No retreat when I
leave all my fears behind ♪
♪ My future's
still alive inside ♪
♪ Take a chance and
chase my doubts away ♪
♪ Believing gets me
through my darkest days ♪
♪ Take a chance to
make it all the way ♪
♪ Take a chance
forgetting yesterday ♪
♪ Take a breath, my
heart will lead the way ♪
♪ Take a chance, I'll
take a chance in today ♪♪
♪
Yuma, I'm gonna
make you sorry
you talked me back
into this match.
Yeah, yeah, less
yapping, more dueling.
My turn.
I draw!
All right, I'm activating
my spell, Card of Adversity!
Since you have
Utopia on your field
and I have no
monsters on my field,
it allows me to
draw two cards.
And I'm gonna use
one of 'em right now.
I activate
Accellight!
And it'll fill up
my empty field fast.
That's because when
I have no monsters
I can bring out a level 4 Light
Warrior monster from my deck.
And I think I'll do exactly
that and call on Daybreaker!
♪
Interesting,
please be careful.
I will.
Like you even have
a choice about that, Yuma.
When I summon
one Daybreaker.
I can call out a
second one to join it.
Can you guess
what's next?
I overlay my two
Level 4 Daybreakers.
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon
Starliege Paladynamo!
♪
Hope he's
through.
No, he
is not.
Exactly
right Astral,
because now
Starliege Paladynamo's
special
ability activates.
And then by using
one Overlay Unit,
the attack points of
your Utopia become zero,
and all cards on the
field other than Paladynamo
lose their
effects.
Utopia's special
abilities are gone?
That's
right.
It can be destroyed
even though it's a Number.
Let's show
'em what I mean.
Paladynamo, strike
with Photon Dividing!
(explosion)
(shouting)
I end my turn,
your move.
(groaning)
♪
Kite is
in top form.
I know.
That's why this is
such a great duel.
Kite, you
better watch out
'cause I'm feelin'
a comeback kickin' in.
You wish that were true,
but like every time we duel
you're in over
your head, pal.
Those days are
all long-gone.
And I'll back that up,
by taking you down!
♪
My turn,
I draw!
I activate the spell,
Card of Spell Containment.
This means I can
draw two cards.
And that's gonna add up to
double the trouble for you.
Yes!
I summon
Gagaga Caesar!
♪
When I have a Gagaga
monster on my field
I'm allowed to
summon Gagaga Clerk!
(giggles)
It's time to kick this
Gagaga party into gear.
I'll activate Gagaga
Caesar's special ability.
By banishing one
monster from my graveyard
the Levels of all my
monsters become the same as it.
This way by banishing
Level 4 Ganbara Knight
Gagaga Caesar
and Gagaga Clerk
become
Level 4!
Watch out, Kite,
Yuma's on the attack!
Things are
looking up.
Yuma, feel
the flow!
That's it,
finish 'em off!
I overlay Level
4 Gagaga Caesar
and
Gagaga Clerk!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Heroic
Champion Excalibur!
♪
Ha, Yuma's using the
monster he got from me!
Let 'em have it,
Clobber Kite!
Now Excalibur
attack Paladynamo!
But those monsters
are evenly matched.
Yeah, both have
2000 attack points.
Not after I use
Excalibur's special ability.
By using all
my Overlay Units,
Excalibur's attack
points are doubled
till the end
of my turn.
attack points?
Bingo.
Go Excalibur, attack with
Double Shock Sword Slash.
(explosion)
Oh no.
Master
Kite!
♪
You may've destroyed
my Paladynamo,
but if you
hope to beat me
you'll need to do
a lot more than that.
I will, but
now I end my turn.
Yuma may have
ended his turn,
but hopefully his chances
of winning aren't over too.
I'll say.
This duel
is so intense,
it's giving me
the whiskers...
Er, I mean, giving
me the shivers.
Well if you ask me
that's a good thing.
Huh?
What I meant is
that Yuma and Kite
look like they're having
the time of their lives.
Hey, what's that funny
look on Kite's face?
It's
a smile.
It feels like forever
since I've seen him do that.
I've never seen
Kite enjoy dueling.
(Dr. Faker)
Kazuma, your son just may
be the one to show my Kite
what dueling
is really about.
Here I go,
my turn, I draw!
I activate the
spell Galaxy Zero.
I equip this card on
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon
that's in my graveyard to
summon it back in attack mode.
However, Galaxy-Eyes loses
all its special abilities.
(roars)
Welcome back
Galaxy-Eyes.
This duel just got
a whole lot tougher.
Which means it got a
whole lot more fun too.
Galaxy-Eyes
may be back,
but it loses 800
attack points in battle
due to Galaxy
Zero's effect.
Well Dextra, Yuma may be
able to get the upper hand now.
You wish.
Galaxy-Eyes,
attack Excalibur!
Go Photon Stream
of Destruction!
(roars)
(explosion)
(shouting)
Yuma!
Now that
that's over,
Galaxy-Eyes' attack
points return to normal.
I'll place one card
facedown and end my turn.
Alley-Oop.
Nice
move.
But I've got a
few of my own.
Get
ready.
Count on
it, Yuma.
My turn.
I activate
Gagagadraw!
By banishing three
Gagaga monsters
from my graveyard
I can draw two cards.
♪
Here
goes.
Ha.
One of those cards was
the Spell Xyz Revival.
It lets me bring
an Xyz Monster
back from
my graveyard.
Uh-oh, Kite,
getting scared?
Please, do I look
scared to you Yuma?
You're so
predictable.
I know what
you'll bring back.
I just do
what works Kite.
And I know
this'll do it.
Come on
back, Utopia.
♪
You know Utopia is no
match for Galaxy-Eyes?
That's a fact I'm
gonna change right now.
Go!
Chaos Xyz
Evolution.
Appear, Chaos Number
39: Utopia Ray.
♪
Seeing as I have Chaos
Number 39: Utopia Ray
on my field,
let me put it to work.
Kite, get ready
'cause now I'm activating
Utopia Ray's
special ability.
Overlay
Charge.
By using one
Overlay Unit,
Utopia Ray gains 500
attack points this turn.
♪
But don't think I
forgot about your monster.
Galaxy-Eyes loses
1000 attack points.
The stage is now set for my
monster to take down yours.
Go Utopia Ray,
attack his Galaxy-Eyes
with Rising
Sun Chaos Slash!
Sorry to
disappoint,
but your monster won't
be taking down anything,
anytime soon.
I activate
Galaxy Zero's effect.
By sending this card
to the graveyard,
my Galaxy-Eyes
isn't destroyed.
Well, yeah, but you
still took battle damage
so you lose...
huh?
♪
Hey,
what gives?
"What gives" is
that since my Dragon
is no longer equipped
with Galaxy Zero,
it loses all
its attack points.
That would normally
be a bad thing, but Yuma,
did you forget
about your own card?
Of course, your
Zerozerock's effect.
It's all...
'cause of me?
Yes Yuma.
I owe my move
all to you.
Now neither of us
can attack a monster
with zero
attack points.
And so Utopia Ray's
attack was cancelled out.
This
is bad.
But it gets
far worse.
Remember the spell
Battle Gravity?
Since Utopia
didn't attack
you take 1000
points of damage
which spells the
end for you Yuma
because you only have
300 life points left.
I don't
think so.
I activate
Dimension Gate.
This trap allows Yuma
and I to banish Utopia Ray.
(explosion)
That's right, and since
I can't attack you
your Battle Gravity
won't deal me any damage.
Wow nicely
played Yuma.
Master Kite, please
don't lose to this loser!
I place one card face
down and end my turn.
Yuma?
I am impressed
with your skills.
Did you
mean that?
You have executed
the last few moves
completely
on your own.
You may not need
me to help anymore.
Stop
talking crazy.
It's because of you
that I duel the way I do.
We're
a team.
And that will
never change.
Yuma, let us win
this duel, together.
You
got it.
(Kite)
Listen up,
you two.
I have to say that was
really, really touching.
I almost hate to break
the bad news to you,
but the fact is
I'm winning this duel.
My turn.
I draw.
I summon
Galaxy Wizard.
♪
When I Xyz Summon,
Galaxy Wizard counts
as two Level
8 monsters.
Here
it comes.
You don't know
how right you are.
I overlay my
Level 8 Galaxy-Eyes
and two
Galaxy Wizards!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon Neo
Galaxy-Eyes Photon Dragon.
♪
(explosion)
Prepare to witness
the mightiest of monsters.
With the power of this
beast, this battle is over.
♪
Since I used Galaxy
Wizard's special ability
to summon Neo Galaxy-Eyes,
it loses 2000 attack points.
Funny how as my points dropped,
so did your chances of winning.
Now Neo Galaxy-Eyes
attack him directly.
Ultimate Photon
Stream of Destruction!
This'll end the duel
and Kite'll win for sure.
Come on,
Yuma!
Not so
fast, Kite.
Because now I
send Dimension Gate
to the
graveyard.
And that lets me re-summon
the monster it banished.
And you remember which
monster that was don't ya?
Utopia Ray!
(rumbling)
And since Utopia Ray
and Neo Galaxy-Eyes
have equal attack points,
they'll both be destroyed.
(explosion)
(moaning)
Yes,
well played.
I'm feeling
the flow!
And I'll prove it by
activating Xyz Double Back.
When my Xyz
Monster is destroyed,
I can summon it back
along with one other monster
from my
graveyard
that has equal or
fewer attack points.
What?
Return to the field,
Utopia and Utopia Ray.
♪
Yeah,
nicely done!
Yuma's got Kite
trapped like a rat.
All right, we're
gonna win this Astral.
(rumbling)
What?
(shouts)
♪
Yuma.
How is this
possible?
He got both his
Galaxy-Eyes' back?
(Astral)
It appears Kite also used
the spell Xyz Double Back.
You had the same
card the whole time?
Whoo-hoo, Master Kite
may have the same card,
but he saved it
for the right time!
Looks like your plan
got plastered, Yuma.
In
your face!
Aww man.
Don't be upset,
you dueled well.
But in the end, there
can be only one winner
and that winner
will be me!
Galaxy-Eyes,
attack his Utopia
with Photon Stream
of Destruction!
And Neo Galaxy Eyes
attack his Utopia Ray
with Ultimate Photon
Stream of Destruction.
(explosion)
(shouting)
(beeping)
♪
(all gasp)
How...
how'd I do?
Okay,
for losing.
No need to
rub it in.
Uh...
Thanks Kite.
You know I'm gonna
win our next duel, right?
I'll face you
again anytime, Yuma.
But first
things first.
You gotta
improve.
Me? Hey I'm the World
Duel Carnival Champion.
I don't remember
seeing you in the finals.
Even though
I just lost,
I'm already looking
forward to our next duel.
I bet it'll be
just as intense
and fun as
the one we just had!
♪
(Tori)
Yuma!
(Bronk)
Yuma, totally
sick duel, bro.
(Cathy)
Yuma, that
was amazing.
I'm wiped.
Yuma,
hey, Yuma?
(Bronk)
Hey, buddy.
(Cathy)
Are you
all right?
(Flip)
Get up Yuma.
(Caswell)
He fell asleep.
(Tori)
Poor guy.
(snoring)
Thanks,
Yuma...
Thank you for
showing Kite
there's more to dueling
than just fighting for me.
That was
a great duel.
Yuma's gotten a
whole lot better.
(Tori)
Wow he's really
exhausted.
(Flop)
Or really lazy.
In the end I guess that
duel drained him completely.
Yeah, must have for
him to just pass out
in Tori's
lap like that.
Ooh, I'm
so jealous.
How come
Yuma's the only one
who gets to
take a cat-nap?
Hey Astral.
You've seen
Yuma sleep.
Got any ideas
for waking him up?
Few things
are impossible.
Waking Yuma
is one of them.
Feeling
the flow.
Aww.
That's
cute.
He even dreams about
dueling, doesn't he?
(Astral)
Observation number 20:
Even in a duel lost,
can a friendship
be found.
♪
(Dumon)
Yuma Tsukumo
and Astral.
They were stronger
than I expected.
We have no choice but
to defeat them ourselves.
♪